Update NavigationAgent doc for avoidance rework (#7350)
godotengine/godot-docs: tutorials/navigation/navigation_using_navigationagents.rst

Using NavigationAgents
======================

NavigationsAgents are helper nodes that combine functionality 
for pathfinding, path following and agent avoidance for a Node2D/3D inheriting parent node.
They facilitate common calls to the NavigationServer API on 
behalf of the parent actor node in a more convenient manner for beginners.

2D and 3D version of NavigationAgents are available as
:ref:`NavigationAgent2D<class_NavigationAgent2D>` and
:ref:`NavigationAgent3D<class_NavigationAgent3D>` respectively.

New NavigationAgent nodes will automatically join the default navigation map on the World2D/World3D.

The functionality of NavigationsAgent nodes can be recreated with scripts and direct
calls to the NavigationServer API should the default NavigationsAgent 

> nodes not do what is required for a project and specific gameplay.

Reviewer: @smix8 sorry for tagging you on something what's already merged. Is this sentence phrased as really intended? I dont understand what does it mean circa from the word "should" on second line...

Author: It means to role your own agent implementation if the default does not what you need as the NavigationAgent node is optional to work with the navigation system. That block was a copy&paste from the existing doc with not much thought behind. Could be reworded, there are also smaller typos to fix.

Using NavigationAgents
======================

NavigationsAgents are helper nodes that combine functionality 

> for pathfinding, pathfollowing and agent avoidance for a Node2D/3D inheriting parent node.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
for pathfinding, path following and agent avoidance for a Node2D/3D inheriting parent node.
```
It irks me that pathfinding is common, but pathfollowing seems to be path following everywhere. 🤷 Anyway, if there are other mentions, those should be changed as well.

    Same as with stuck dancing agents between two positions, this is usually caused by very frequent path updates every single frame. Depending on your navigation mesh layout, and especially when an agent is directly placed over a navigation mesh edge or edge connection, expect path positions to be sometimes slightly "behind" your actors current orientation. This happens due to precision issues and can not always be avoided. This is usually only a visible problem if actors are instantly rotated to face the current path position.

NavigationAgent Avoidance
-------------------------

This section explains how to use the built-in avoidance specific
to NavigationAgent nodes. For general avoidance use and more technical details
on agent avoidance system see :ref:`doc_navigation_using_agent_avoidance`.

In order for NavigationAgents to use the avoidance feature the ``enable_avoidance`` property must be set to ``true``.

.. image:: img/agent_avoidance_enabled.png

The velocity_computed signal of the NavigationAgent node must be connected to receive the ``safe_velocity`` calculation result.

.. image:: img/agent_safevelocity_signal.png

> In order to trigger the avoidance velocity calculation the current velocity of the agent's parent node must be set with ``set_velocity()`` on the NavigationAgent node in ``_physics_process()``.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In order to trigger the avoidance velocity calculation, the current velocity of the agent's parent node must be set with ``set_velocity()`` on the NavigationAgent node in ``_physics_process()``.
```
